his
rub
company greets you
now we will show you a video like
free places
cars in the songwriter system
let's start
add cars can only
registered users therefore
get off the systems under your name and
password
specified during registration
top left corner of the main page
the site
or register
you can also follow the link
add cars for free
and together protect distribution
data
go through express registration if you
are you
new users
let's go systems
There are several ways of placing
of transport
how can we tell the truth top on
home page
can follow the link
add cars for free
You can also add a car to the menu
left on the next page
cabinet
on the page of your car
archive of large machines
transport
all cars
the car will arrive
click me should add car and you
click on the link in a separate window
add cars
in the window that opens, you must keep
download information
following sections
resolution
route
when
payment
note
and contact
a la are marked with red asterisks
are required to
filling
Now consider each section
detail by example
Radek kosiv
You can choose the type of body from the west of the box
lists
we will choose a tent for
our premiere
select text and mobile semi trailer
truck
we choose semi-trailers
specify the appropriate type of download
in our example
select the list of the corresponding
checkboxes upper side
rear
mark the light field
load capacity our example 20
choose volume
then you can enter as a whole
width and height
internal space
bites off meters
in sochi there are such carriage you have
additional permissions put
tick box
in the permission section
if necessary specify class
danger
the next section is marine
please indicate the place where it will be
download occurs
when you start dead first
download title letters
underground shop list of settlements
beginning on these letters from which
we remove
desired option
for example liberal self
risk
as a snack you can specify not
only specific correspondent
but also nearby cities
located on a certain
distance of this city
this distance you can show
radio throws
we indicate our case 100 kilometers
when looking for a car in this case your
the car will be shown in any city
within a specified radius of
download cities
then in the same way we will indicate the places
unloading
choose
and you can enter
the region
help
or correspondent
for example, choose
if transport katowice
to download in several points you
can point this cat which
appears by pressing
links to choose
additional options are possible
unloading
the next step is to specify when
loading in the section when
here you can choose from three
options
if you put
tick
ready to boot
you start that time like a car
will appear in the system for three days
our application will be visible statuette ready
if three days applied
after three days
the application will be automatically
Kudrin
can specify
exact loading time
eg
from the first of September
and throughout
from one
is amazing
in this case, during this time the application
will be in the system after which
will be automatically allocated
You can also choose constantly and
your application
will stay the system for
two months from the date of placement
will be automatically deleted at the end of the term
if the application is no longer relevant
please remember and delete
systems
we will win constantly
in the payment section you can specify
minimum bet amount
You can also mark the currency in
which includes payment
You can also choose a specific
payment type
other relevant
tick cashless payment
blitz payment
payment sundance
blitz payment involves payment
in a moment the payment system
type of contract
as well as using online money
mobile payments and credit cards
we will not imagine our
Premiere amount but choose the type of board
bank transfer
Yandex
in the next section a note you can
specify additional
information
if you are night vigil
corresponding field
the idea is to indicate any
contact information
note
that permission is available
and 4
and in the last section you can contact
specify up to two contacts
our companies can apply to the fund
help
also malte add button
and all Poles have your application
Remember
the transport section will be added
you can always win and
edit your application for pages
your transport
in this video we showed how
place cars in the auto principle system
hopefully
it was useful information
thank you for choosing a songwriter